all right so remember this for the past
broadcast this a spot was found by
Meehan des not Timbers all right guys
all right cool glad we got that clear
thanks cardium down get about the dog
again wait where you go from here well
do you like that you're like fucking
good do you think are good or you're
good or something
and you pick up the relic up holla let
me let me pick let me let me pick it up
for the stream let me pick it up for the
shame on up just let me just let me pick
it up let me pick it up for the stream
on up alright guys this is a spot found
by me in Des hyn dez not timbers look at
me i have the fuckin relic alright
youtubes oh yeah upload it to the
youtubes under the Templar bruh under
the Templar
oh no I marked here close I cut you
fuzzy get it yeah I know but we're
walking around I'm gonna cleanse you
guys every time yeah stay near me
oh you can't really you can you can see
hair clasp clasp on stuff oh wait what
wait what no cuz they say
so I don't know if you can actually I
don't know if you'd actually could get
in the spot
huh
hurry up ah yeah it looks good the
bubble looks sick as fuck on her here
though I like it literally cuts off this
is like a cylinder sec no I just sick
wash wash that's not a hurry I her
cylinder cylinder cylinder go under
hurry up Tim oh shit like that shit like
a fucking sanity